Change button focus style (#1432)
guardian/source: packages/@guardian/source-foundations/src/accessibility/focus-halo.stories.mdx

	${focusHalo};
`;
```

# `focusHaloSpaced`

> The blue halo effect with a white border between the element and the halo for better visibility of halo on blue-coloured elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blue halo effect with additional spacing between the element and the halo for better visibility of halo on blue-coloured elements.
```

Apply the `focusHaloSpaced` style to custom interactive elements:

```tsx

> import { focusHalo } from '@guardian/source-foundations';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { focusHaloSpaced } from '@guardian/source-foundations';
```
